
Study 1 - single repgrid illustrating complexity of CSCL environments for learners. Environment and tasks designed to scaffold; reflection reports (generally, with a couple of exceptions) indicating good focus on the epistemic aspects of collaboration and struggles with the CSCL environment, particularly GH, felt PlantUML to be worthwhile but other aspects less so. Modelling and reviewing others' models helpful and rewarding. RQ outcome (generally) groups appropriate task-related affordances more than specific workflows or tools, they appropriate within group, mention compare work of other teams with their own, copy code. No ev so far of "production effect" in transcripts, haven't done repos yet.

Study 2 - two repgrids illustrating (1) struggles to think about models, perhaps reflected in the single group task,less complex

Study 3 - balanced incomplete block design (Burton & Nerlove, 1976). Every pair of words appears in the same number of triads. 14 is too many.

Known issues: all figures need to be consistent in style and participant name format, native grid headings need removal/replacement/editing, ditto all tables; referencing is only code so Word doesn't crash; captions contain extra info about the the figure/table was generated to ensure replicability, instead of writing out all constructs and elements should I just refer to them in the body text by numbers to save space? but part of the point is that words are significant in this. I have talked about similarity in broad terms, not specific % eg agent and modeller were 66.7%, then pattern at 45%. I have been inconsistent with FOCUS and Focus. 



Jordan and Henderson "the social "work" that is done through participation frameworks provides the interactional infrastructure for the achievement of coordination and collaboration among copresent individuals"

“a locally coherent activation of a network of resources that may look like a stable belief or theory” Elby and Hammer (2010, p. 409). This is very similar to repgrid. Can we identify beliefs in this way?





Other elements of CA are relevant and have been included in the analysis. Temporal and sequential relationships are addressed in the timeline: overlapping talk is coded Interjection; where latching occurs, it is coded Continued; gaps and pauses are indicated by their duration. Speech delivery is coded for tonal variation, specifically in relation to any story-like qualities of the utterance, rather than interactional characteristics. Uncertain hearings are indicated by square brackets and a question mark “[?]”. Issues with sound quality are present throughout the recording, and Speaker 4’s utterance is not sufficiently intelligible to be understood within the data set for analysis. Visible conduct has been recorded in plain English, as the complexities of specialised notation and analysis of gaze and its coordination among participants is not our focus, and the video recording does not provide sufficient detail to allow analysis.


Meeting recordings useful for IA, especially when fully online.

could I BIBD below---
For balanced incomplete blocks of triads, lambda denotes the number of triads in which each pair occurs.
Thus, the minimal balanced design has lambda=1, and the complete test has lambda=n-2
There are n(n-1)(n-2)/6 triads in a complete test
To calculate the number of triads in a incomplete balanced block design, b, multiply the number of triads in a complete test by lambda/n-2, b=lambda * n *(n-1)/6.
Two other conditions are necessary,
1. rn = 3b
2. lambda = 2r/n-1
where r is the number of replications for each stimulus
Because of 1 and 2 constraining, balanced block designs are only possible for some combinations of n and lambda.
Possible BB designs for various ns

my n = Groups x 5 + 1 model report = 6. group 7
lambda = 2 has high reliability but lambda = 1 not.

The numbering system for the incomplete balanced block designs is as follows: the first number corresponds to the number of stimuli or items in the set or domain, the second number corresponds to the A, and the third number corresponds to the design number.

Cache BIBD | BIBD2020 | http://10.83.67.230/WebGrid/Cache/0050569DCA3EF9E315151





Testing the Heck https://markheckmann.shinyapps.io/openrepgridic/_w_e195c756/#shiny-tab-tab_grid
6
Paper still in prepress
Set the minimal number of matches between two construct to consider them 'related'. By default it is set to the number of elements minus one.
Set the minimal number of mutually related construct that form a 'clique'. By default the value is set to three constructs.
*Elements are either 0 or 1 indicating pole alignment* _so far_ *in my example >=3 = 1, else 0


Interpretive clustering is a variant of the construct clustering performed in Repertory Grid analysis.


Bayesian statistics
Evaluate probability
eg A student who answers in x way will have y qualities/support needs/good matches with peer/strengths
1. Establish set of models
2. Collect data
-> do intervention (differentiated assessment, peer tutor match, targeted support)
-> test results (survey - did the form of intervention help?)
3. Update models
Limitation is need for basis for predictions -> Model set has to be created, staff & student, focus group, prev data comparison

Cases treated as identical except the variation in the selected variables.
Case = student (or group, or class)
Variables:
RepGrid data - but in what form?
Intervention type
Survey data

Look at how outcomes are associated with particular combinations of features
Which variables are found in all instances where outcome (positive survey data) is present - those variables are necessary conditions
Is this outcome always present with particular sets or combinations of variables - those combinations are sufficient conditions.


1.	How do groups create and develop knowledge objects for (a) modelling and (b) group regulation purposes?
1.1.	How do groups appropriate designer-provided notations, tools, roles and workflows? (First level appropriation)
2.	How does the expectation to have to communicate insights and practices regarding (a) and (b) to another group—the ‘target group’—affect knowledge building of the ‘source group’? (“Production effect”)
3.	How does the information on (a) and (b) made available from another group—the source group—affect the target group? (“Variation effect”)
3.1.	How do groups appropriate tools and workflows/models? provided by another group? (Second level appropriation).
